Welcome back.
And in this lesson we're going to be looking at callbacks.
So what callbacks are is there when you're passing a function as an argument into another function.
So that's a callback.
So callbacks are basically passed has arguments into other functions.
So let me show you an example of this.
So let's set up a function.
First
and we're going to call this one make message and for this once we're going to take a couple of values
here so S1 and S2.
So these are going to be just some string values that are being placed and then also I want to have
one that's called callback.
So we see that we're expecting three different parameters to be passed into this function.
And what I want to do within the function is I want to create a brand new variable and I want to
use this third value that I've sent in here so call back and I get a pass in some arguments into this
one.
So you get a pass in these two values that I've got passed into me.
I'm going to pass them into the callback function and I'm going to get a result.
And then at the end of it and I set up my variable here to grab the output and documents get element
by id and output.
So now at the end of it this result going to do output of enraged him out.
And this is going to simply equal whatever the value of result is going to be.
So this is what we're going to do now is that we're going to pass in a function into back so that we
can actually do something with these two values that are being passed him.
So right now it won't work.
But we need to.
So we invoke this function as we normally would and we pass the arguments in.
So the first one will be hello.
The second one will be world.
And then this is where it gets really interesting because this is where we're actually going to pass
in an anonymous function.
So function and this function is going to take the two parameters so S1 and S2.
So it doesn't actually have to be named US 1 and 2 because this is just an anonymous function and it's
going to it's going to use whatever values are being passed in here within the parameters.
So it doesn't actually have to be those ones but we are making use of those ones.
So this this is just what we're doing and we're going to take those two values and we create another
variable.
So this one is going to be sitting within the function.
So let me give it a name of string or maybe I can just maybe I'll call it result too and this can be
result 1 so that we can distinguish between the two.
So they're not necessarily related because they're only being created and locally used within the functions
themselves.
So now let's take the value of S1.
We're going to add it to have two.
And then lastly we'll do something like a work or something.
And then what we're doing here is we're going to return the value of results to and try to out.
So what do you think is going to happen here.
What message are we going to end up getting with an output.
So let's refresh the page and see that we actually did get the two values.
And they actually did get combined within the function and we got the return value and the usefulness
of this is that we've got this anonymous function so we can do a number of different things within this
callback and have them both initiate.
So it doesn't necessarily need to always be that we're concatenating one and two and worked.
We can have any number of things occurring so if for instance we had another one that was Make message.
And at this time it will be John or maybe we'll do something we'll do javascript.
So be in line with the course topic.
So javascript and at this time instead of
worked we're going to do it is great.
So we see that we can do quite a number of different things here and then we can even concatenate it
again and do one and reuse the variables and simply it's going to be returning back that result.
So what do you think now is going to be happen in the output.
And let's concatenate that so we can actually see them.
So now we see that that second one is doing the same function passing those same two parameters and
it's being invoked here within the function itself.
But we're actually able to return back a completely different result using those same two parameters.
So this is where we've got a lot of flexibility when we're building out our functions and we can really
see how this works together.
So what I want to do in the upcoming lesson is take what we've learned here in regards to how callbacks
work and we're going to update that script that we had earlier where we were adding subtracting multiplying
and dividing and we're going to update that script in order to use callbacks which will give us a whole
lot more flexibility when we're writing out our code.
So if you want to open up that previous script that we had we were adding subtracting multiplying and
dividing and trying it for yourself.
See if you can shorten that script and use callbacks instead of all the different functions that we're
using.
And then the next lesson I'll show you how how it can be done with callbacks.
That's coming up.